docs/dev/api-tests.rst, before:

API Contract Tests
==================
These tests are designed to look for changes to the recipe server API that are
not expected.

To run these tests, use the following command from the root project directory.

.. code-block:: bash

    py.test -v --server=<server> contract-tests/

where ``<server>`` is one of

`https://normandy-admin.stage.mozaws.net`
`https://normandy-admin.prod.mozaws.net`

If you want to send results of the test run to TestRail, you need the following
pre-requisites:

1. You have VPN access to the staging environment
2. You have an account on https://testrail.stage.mozaws.net
3. Copy `testrail.cfg.dist` to `testrail.cfg`
4. Modify that TestRail configuration file with your email, TestRail password and TestRail user ID

Then, for any test case you want to report results for, make sure the
script file the test is in imports the proper testrail module:

.. code-block:: python

    from pytest_testrail.plugin import testrail

and then you use a decorator to indicate this test case will be reporting
results. Here's an example:

.. code-block:: python

    @testrail('C5603')
    def test_expected_action_types(conf, requests_session):

The ID for the test case (C5603 in this example) is generated by TestRail when
the test case is created.

To run the tests and report the results to TestRail, use the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    py.test --server=<server> -v \
    --no-ssl-cert-check \
    --testrail=contract-tests/testrail.cfg contract-tests/

The values for ``<server>`` are the same as before.

`--no-ssl-cert-check` tells pytest to not check if the SSL certificate for the
TestRail install is valid -- we are using a self-signed certificate and the
underlying code throws an exception unless we tell it not to check.

`--testrail=` tells pytest that we wish to report the results of TestRail
decorated tests and where we can find the configuration file.

Commit message:

Updated documentation for running the contract API tests

docs/dev/api-tests.rst, after:

API Contract Tests
==================
These tests are designed to look for changes to the recipe server API that are
not expected.

Before running these tests you will need the following installed:

.. Python 3.6.0 or greater
.. _virtualenv: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/virtualenv installed

Before running these tests you need to create a virtual environment using
Python 3.6.0 or greater. To create it, make sure you are in the ``recipe-server``
directory and then do the following:

.. code-block:: bash

    virtualenv -p /path/to/python3.6 venv
    source venv/bin/activate
    pip install -r requirements/default.txt -c requirements/constraints.txt

This creates the virtual environment, activates it, and installs the Python
dependencies needed to run the tests.

To run these tests, use the following command from the root project directory.

.. code-block:: bash

    py.test -v --server=<server> contract-tests/

where ``<server>`` is one of

.. `https://normandy.stage.mozaws.net`
.. `https://self-repair.mozilla.org`

If you want to send results of the test run to TestRail, you need the following
pre-requisites:

1. You have VPN access to the staging environment
2. You have an account on https://testrail.stage.mozaws.net
3. Copy `testrail.cfg.dist` to `testrail.cfg`
4. Modify that TestRail configuration file with your email, TestRail password and TestRail user ID

Then, for any test case you want to report results for, make sure the
script file the test is in imports the proper TestRail module:

.. code-block:: python

    from pytest_testrail.plugin import testrail

and then you use a decorator to indicate this test case will be reporting
results. Here's an example:

.. code-block:: python

    @testrail('C5603')
    def test_expected_action_types(conf, requests_session):

The ID for the test case (C5603 in this example) is generated by TestRail when
the test case is created.

To run the tests and report the results to TestRail, use the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    py.test --server=<server> -v \
    --no-ssl-cert-check \
    --testrail=contract-tests/testrail.cfg contract-tests/

The values for ``<server>`` are the same as before.

`--no-ssl-cert-check` tells pytest to not check if the SSL certificate for the
TestRail install is valid -- we are using a self-signed certificate and the
underlying code throws an exception unless we tell it not to check.

`--testrail=` tells pytest that we wish to report the results of TestRail
decorated tests and where we can find the configuration file.
